simulation is created using simulation templates (#26)
nens/fews-3di: CHANGES.rst

2.1 (unreleased)
----------------

> - Simulation templates are used to create a simulation to adobt to new 3Di version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Simulation templates are used to create a simulation to adjust to the new 3Di version.
```
